[formrecognizer] Address migration guide feedback (#21089)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

- The word `Analyze` has broadly replaced the word `Recognize.` The document analysis operation executes a data extraction pipeline that supports more than just recognition.
- Distinctions between `custom` and `prebuilt` models have broadly been eliminated. Prebuilt models are simply models that were created by the Form Recognizer service team and that exist within every Form Recognizer resource.
- The concept of `model training` has broadly been replaced with `model creation`, `building a model`, or `model administration` (whatever is most appropriate in context), as not all model creation operations involve `training` a model from a data set. When referring to a model schema trained from a data set, we will use the term `document type` instead.

### Client usage

We continue to support API key and AAD authentication methods when creating the clients. Below are the differences between the two versions:

- In `3.2.x`, we have added `DocumentAnalysisClient` and `DocumentModelAdministrationClient` which support API version `2021-09-30-preview` and later.

> - `FormRecognizerClient` and `FormTrainingClient` will continue to work targetting API version `2.1` and `2.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `FormRecognizerClient` and `FormTrainingClient` will continue to work targeting API versions `2.1` and `2.0`.
```

Author: done
